Add information about scoped app service in the Docs (#69078)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/zero-trust-access/rbac-get-started/scopes.mdx

Reviewer: @williamong-tel please add a bullet below to call out app access

context or use the `tsh kubectl` sub-command to interact with the selected
cluster.

## Joining a scoped Application Service

In order to join a scoped application service, users must currently set
`TELEPORT_UNSTABLE_AGENT_SCOPE_PIN=yes` in their main teleport cluster where the Auth Service is present.

Only static Application servers support joining with scopes. Dynamic
application registration, including those discovered by the Teleport Discovery
Service, dot not yet support scopes.

Log the scoped admin into the desired scope:

```code
$ tsh login --user=alice --scope=/staging --proxy=teleport.example.com
```

> Create a scoped token that can be used to join a Kubernetes Service at

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a scoped token that can be used to join an Application Service at
```

the desired scope:

```code
$ tctl scoped tokens add --scope=/staging --assign-scope=/staging --ttl=8h --type=app
```

Follow the printed instructions to join an application server using helm and the

> generated token. Once the instance has joined, the scoped admin can list it:

Reviewer: > using helm and the generated token

Where and why does helm come into play?

the desired scope:

```code
$ tctl scoped tokens add --scope=/examples/basic --assign-scope=/examples/basic --ttl=8h --type=app
```

Copy the printed invite token to `/tmp/scoped-app-token` on the Application
Service host, then create the following `/etc/teleport.yaml`:

```yaml
version: v3
teleport:
  join_params:
    token_name: "/tmp/scoped-app-token"
    method: token
  proxy_server: "teleport.example.com:443"
auth_service:
  enabled: false
proxy_service:
  enabled: false
ssh_service:
  enabled: false
app_service:
  enabled: true
  apps:
  - name: scoped-grafana
    uri: "http://localhost:3000"
    labels:
      env: "staging"
      tier: "mfa"
```

Start Teleport with this configuration:

```code
$ sudo teleport start --config=/etc/teleport.yaml
```

Once the instance has joined, the scoped admin can list it:

```code
$ tsh apps ls
Application                 Description Type Public Address                        Labels
--------------------------- ----------- ---- ------------------------------------- --------------------
/examples/basic::scoped-grafana        HTTP lv7pgada3xgarg2rvk7gm4xgmx7nto6j.t... env=staging,tier=mfa

> ```

Reviewer 2: nit: column alignment is off.
